Sum all map split (#3253)
enkidevs/curriculum: python/functional-programming/sum-all-map-functions/the-all-built-in.md

## Content

The `all` built-in function takes an iterable object and returns `True` if all the elements in the iterable object evaluate to `True`.

In practice, `all` checks if `bool(element) == True` for each element in the iterable object.

Take for example:

```python
print(all([True, True, False]))
#result = False
```

> > 💡 Can you think of a situation where you would want to use the `all` function?

Reviewer: Let's use the same format as other discussion insights?

```suggestion
> > 💬 Can you think of a practical example for using `all`?
>
> Leave a comment or view other comments for inspiration before moving on.
```
